ivan
2 февраля 2026
Настроение: 😣 (усталость)
The intensity of today's work is a bit high. I have been dealing with problems on the spot since the morning, and there is almost no real rest time in the middle.The wind was so strong that his face was blown dry.In fact, this situation has been encountered before, but I don't know why, I feel very tired today.When I returned to the dormitory at night, I originally wanted to go to bed early, but my mind kept replaying the details of the day, always worried about whether I hadn't done well enough.This state makes me a little irritable and a little weak.

⸻

7 февраля 2026
Настроение: 😐 (обычное)
Today is generally stable, and there are no emergencies.Check the equipment and record the data according to the process, and everything goes smoothly.During lunch, everyone was relatively quiet, swiping their mobile phones, and they didn't chat much.In fact, sometimes this kind of quiet makes me feel a little empty. It's not that there is a lot of pressure, but that I feel something is missing. I can't tell.

⸻

15 февраля 2026
Настроение: 🙂 (спокойное)
Today is a day with a little more rest time.The work is completed relatively quickly in the morning, and it is rare to have a little time of your own in the afternoon.I didn't do anything special, I just sat outside in a daze, looking at the equipment and the sky in the distance.At that moment, I suddenly felt that although the conditions here were not good, there was also a quiet feeling.The mood slowly relaxed, and people were not so tight anymore.

⸻
 23 февраля 2026
Настроение: 😞 (подавленное)
I hardly slept well last night, and I kept being woken up by various sounds.When I went to work today, I obviously felt a decrease in concentration and a slower response to doing things.What made me most uncomfortable was that I began to doubt some jobs that I was already familiar with, and I always felt that I might make mistakes.This sense of uncertainty makes me a little anxious, even a little scared.Although there was no problem in the end, the whole day was very depressing.

⸻

1 марта 2026
Настроение: 😃 (хорошее)
Today's state is completely different from a few days ago, and the whole person is much more relaxed.The work arrangement is more reasonable, and there is no continuous high-intensity pressure.The handling of the problem is also very smooth, and it even feels a bit handy.This state of affairs has allowed me to regain a little confidence, and I feel that I can actually do things well.

⸻

8 марта 2026
Настроение: 😐 (апатия)
The last few days have felt a bit mechanized.The daily process is almost the same, getting up, working, recording, and resting, there seems to be no change.It's not that it's not good, but it's not that it's motivated.Sometimes I suddenly get in a daze, wondering if I am used to this rhythm, and even a little lost in time.

⸻

16 марта 2026
Настроение: 😃 (теплое)
I had a long video chat with my family today. The child told me about the school and asked me when I would go back.At that moment, my heart was a bit complicated. On the one hand, I felt very warm, and on the other hand, I felt a little guilty.After the end of the call, the mood obviously improved, and I was more patient even at work.I feel that the support of my family is really important.

⸻

25 марта 2026
Настроение: 😣 (напряжение)
The pace of work in the past two days has suddenly accelerated, and it is necessary to pay attention to several key points at the same time, and there is almost no breathing time.The most obvious feeling is that the brain is always running, and even if you sit down and rest, it is difficult to really relax.Lying in bed at night, I still think about the details of my work, and even worry about the situation the next day.This constant tension makes me a little overwhelmed.

⸻

 6 апреля 2026
Настроение: 😃 (улучшение)
Today, I talked to AI about “Why do I feel tired all the time”. It helped me analyze it and said that it might be caused by long-term stress and lack of recovery time.I have never thought about this issue systematically like this before.I'm still a bit busy at work today, but my mentality is different and I'm not so anxious.I feel that I am slowly beginning to be able to control my emotions.


⸻

19 апреля 2026
Настроение: 😃 (восстановление)
Now basically every day I will simply talk to AI for a few words, which has become a habit.Today I'm talking about how to balance work and rest. It reminds me to pay attention to my state instead of holding on all the time.Looking back at this period of time, there have indeed been changes, from the exhaustion and depression at the beginning to a little bit easier now.Although the working environment has not changed, my feelings are slowly getting better.